BARBECUE
LONGANIZA
CHORIZO
SPAGHETTI
TOKNENENG
BINATOG
SILVANAS
PACIENCIA
PICADILLO
HAMONADO
CASCARON
POLVORON
SINIGANG
KUTSINTA
PALITAW
POCHERO
ESPASOL
PALABOK
AFRITADA
GULAMAN
BATCHOY
AMPALAYA
BIBINGKA
ATCHARA
TAPSILOG
PINAKBET
MECHADO
DINUGUAN
SORBETES
PINANGAT
KALDERETA
GUINOMIS
CHICHARON
KAKANIN
KINILAW
ENSAYMADA
TAMILOK
SINANGAG
PANDESAL
LONGSILOG
HOTSILOG
GINATAAN
BINIGNIT
EMBUTIDO
KABABAYAN
KALIHIM
PINAGONG
PIANONO
HARDINERA
CARBONARA
Outdoor meal, where meats, fish, along with vegetables, are roasted over a wood or charcoal fire.
Refers to sausages flavoured with indigenous spices, commonly dyed red.
It's a fermented, cured, smoked sausage, commonly mistaken for longaniza.
Noodles originating from Italian cuisine, its sauce is usually tomato based.
Filipino street food where boiled chicken eggs that are dipped in a batter and deep-fried.
Boiled white corn kernels that's a popular Filipino snack and street food.
Filipino frozen cookie that has a buttercream sandwiched between two cashew-meringue wafers coated with cookie crumbs.
Filipino cookies known as meringue galyetas and is made with beaten egg whites, flour, and calamansi.
It is made with ground meat, tomatoes, and also raisins, olives, and other ingredients that vary by region.
A Filipino dish that involves cooking the meat in pineapple juice.
Filipino doughnut made of deep-fried ground glutinous rice, grated coconut, and sugar.
Popular in the Philippines, it's also heavy, soft, and very crumbly; made of flour, sugar, milk, and nuts.
Filipino soup or stew characterized by its sour and savory taste.
A type of steamed rice cake found throughout the Philippines with its color usually brown.
Small, flat, sweet rice cake eaten in the Philippines and usually paired with coconut and sesame seeds.
A Filipino dish composed of beef chunks stewed with saba bananas (or plantains).
Cylinder-shaped Filipino rice cake from Laguna cooked in coconut milk and strips; dusted with toasted rice flour.
Filipino noodle dish that usually has an orange sauce composed of minced pork, tinapa flakes, and annatto water.
Filipino dish consisting of meat braised in tomato sauce with carrots, potatoes, and red and green bell peppers.
Filipino cuisine that is a bar, or powdered form of dried agar or carrageenan used to make jelly-like desserts.
Filipino noodle soup made with pork offal, crushed pork cracklings, chicken stock, beef loin and round noodles.
A bitter vegetable that many kids despises and has a green exterior.
Filipino cake that is made with rice flour, water and is traditionally cooked between banana leaves
Traditional condiment of pickled green papaya, carrots and peppers in Filipino cuisine.
Filipino dish consisting of beef tapa, garlic fried rice, and egg.
Filipino dish made from mixed vegetables sauteed in fish or shrimp sauce.
Braised beef dish originating from the Philippines with soy sauce and calamansi as its main ingredients.
Filipino stew usually of meat simmered in a spicy dark gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili, and vinegar.
Filipino Ice cream characterized by using coconut/carabao milk. Often pejoratively called "dirty ice cream"
Filipino dish from Southern Luzon consisting of fish and tomatoes stewed in a broth soured with fruits like calamansi.
Filipino dish where meat is stewed with vegetables and liver paste. Usually goat meat is used.
Filipino drink that’s made up of gulaman (jelly), sago (agar), sugar, water, and pinipig.
Filipino snack dish made with dried up pork rind then deep fried and usually served with vinegar.
It's an umbrella term for sweets made of glutinous rice and coconut milk in the Philippines.
Raw seafood dish and preparation method native to the Philippines.
Bread in the Philippines with generous amounts of butter, then sprinkled with lots of sugar and grated cheese.
Popular Filipino delicacy also known as woodworm.
Garlic rice in tagalog.
Very common bread roll in the Philippines usually sold at low prices.
Filipino dish consisting of longaniza, garlic fried rice, and egg.
Filipino dish consisting of hotdog, garlic fried rice, and egg.
Filipino term which refers to food cooked with gata.
Visayan dessert that is traditionally made with glutinous rice cooked in coconut milk with slices of bananas, etc.
Philippine meatloaf made with ground pork and stuffed with hard-boiled eggs and sliced ham or various sausages.
Filipino sweet muffin known for its golden brown exterior and distinct domed top shape.
Filipino bread that is soft and has a sweet, bright-red pudding filling.
Bread roll from the Philippines distinguished primarily by its shape and the more complex pattern of scoring on top.
Sponge cake roll in the Philippines made with creamy margarine filling.
Known as the Quezon meatloaf or the Lucban meatloaf.
Italian pasta usually has white sauce with cheese with bacon.